website/integrations: add OVH (#14664)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/ovhcloud/index.md

---
title: Integrate with OVHcloud
sidebar_label: OVHcloud
support_level: community
---

## What is OVHcloud

> OVHcloud is a French cloud provider. They provide public and private cloud products, shared hosting, and dedicated servers in 140 countries.
>
> -- https://www.ovhcloud.com

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

> 

Reviewer: Please remove the extra newline

- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

## authentik Configuration

To support the integration of OVHcloud with authentik, you need to create an application/provider pair in authentik.

### Create an Application and Provider in authentik

1. Log in to authentik as an admin and open the authentik Admin interface.
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Applications** and click **Create with Provider** to create an application and provider pair. (Alternatively, you can first create a provider separately, then create the application and connect it with the provider.)

    - **Application**: Provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
    - **Choose a Provider type**: Select **SAML Provider** as the provider type.
    - **Configure the Provider**: Provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations:

>         - Set the **ACS URL** to `https://www.ovhcloud.com/eu/auth/saml/acs` for EU region, or `https://www.ovhcloud.com/ca/auth/saml/acs` for CA region.

Reviewer: If you're somewhere else than canada or the eu, what value is used?

Reviewer 2: They only seem to have EU and CA for these URLs. They only mention these two in their SSO docs: https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-connect-saml-sso-okta?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0057810

Reviewer: Interesting (?)

Reviewer: Welp IG everyone is either in the EU or CA

Author: For the us, I found this url https://us.ovhcloud.com/auth/ in their docs (https://us.ovhcloud.com/auth/). As I cannot find a list or something with the URLs for all regions, I add all I know of right now and hope there aren't any more.

        - Set the **Service Provider Binding** to `Post`.
        - Under **Advanced protocol settings**, set an available signing certificate.

    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: You can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

### Download metadata file

1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.

> 2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Providers** and click on the name of the provider that you created in the previous section (e.g. `Provider for OVHcloud`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Providers** and click on the name of the provider that you created in the previous section.
```

> 3. Under **Related objects** > **Metadata**, click on **Download**. This downloaded file is your `SAML Metadata` file and it will be required in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Under **Related objects** > **Metadata**, click on **Download**. This downloaded file is your **SAML Metadata** file and it will be required in the next section.
```

## OVHcloud Configuration

> 1. Log in to the [OVHcloud Control Panel](https://www.ovh.com/auth/).

Reviewer: Technically, this url wouldn't work for all as I login on ca.ovh.com and entering credentials on the url provided returns an error

> 2. Click on your **name** in the top right corner. Then, click on your **name** again in the sidebar that opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click your name in the top right corner. In the sidebar that appears, click your name again.
```

3. Select **Identity and Access Management (IAM)** from the left-hand menu.
4. Click the **Identities** tab to access local users management and switch to the **SSO** tab.
5. Click on the **SSO Connection** button.

>     - If you want to keep local OVH users, tick the `Keep active OVHcloud users` box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you want to keep local OVH users, tick the **Keep active OVHcloud users** box.
```

since it's a value in UI

    - Open the File you downloaded in [Download metadata file](#download-metadata-file). Copy the content and paste it into the **XML-Metadata** field.
6. Close the window by clicking **Confirm**.

> 

Reviewer: Can we include a references section which points to official docs?

## Configuration Verification

To verify that authentik is correctly integrated with OVH Cloud, first log out of your account. On the OVHcloud login page, enter your [OVH Customer ID/NIC handle](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-account-create-ovhcloud-account?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0043022#what-is-my-nic-handle) followed by `/idp` (e.g. `xx1111-ovh/idp`) without entering a password, and click the Login button.

> You will be redirected to your authentik installation for authentication. Once authenticated you will be logged in to OVH Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be redirected to your authentik installation for authentication. Once authenticated you will be logged in to OVHcloud.
```

to match others

---
title: Integrate with OVHcloud
sidebar_label: OVHcloud
support_level: community
---

## What is OVHcloud

> OVHcloud is a French cloud provider. They provide public and private cloud products, shared hosting, and dedicated servers in 140 countries.
>
> -- https://www.ovhcloud.com

## Preparation

The following placeholders are used in this guide:

- `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik installation.

## authentik Configuration

To support the integration of OVHcloud with authentik, you need to create an application/provider pair in authentik.

### Create an Application and Provider in authentik

> 1. Log in to authentik as an admin and open the authentik Admin interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
```

    - **Application**: Provide a descriptive name, an optional group for the type of application, the policy engine mode, and optional UI settings.
    - **Choose a Provider type**: Select **SAML Provider** as the provider type.
    - **Configure the Provider**: Provide a name (or accept the auto-provided name), the authorization flow to use for this provider, and the following required configurations:
        - Set the **ACS URL** to:
            - `https://www.ovhcloud.com/eu/auth/saml/acs` for EU region.
            - `https://www.ovhcloud.com/ca/auth/saml/acs` for CA region.
            - `https://us.ovhcloud.com/auth/` for US region.
        - Set the **Service Provider Binding** to `Post`.
        - Under **Advanced protocol settings**, set an available signing certificate.

    - **Configure Bindings** _(optional)_: You can create a [binding](/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/) (policy, group, or user) to manage the listing and access to applications on a user's **My applications** page.

3. Click **Submit** to save the new application and provider.

### Download metadata file

> 1. Log in to authentik as an admin, and open the authentik Admin interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
```

2. Navigate to **Applications** > **Providers** and click on the name of the provider that you created in the previous section.
3. Under **Related objects** > **Metadata**, click on **Download**. This downloaded file is your **SAML Metadata** file and it will be required in the next section.

## OVHcloud Configuration

> 1. Log in to the **OVHcloud Control Panel**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the OVHcloud Control Panel.
```

Reviewer: When you load into it:
![IMG_1082](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0b284604-db4d-4f43-8576-2a227fdffdce)

2. Click your name in the top right corner. In the sidebar that appears, click your name again.
3. Select **Identity and Access Management (IAM)** from the left-hand menu.
4. Click the **Identities** tab to access local users management and switch to the **SSO** tab.
5. Click on the **SSO Connection** button.
    - If you want to keep local OVH users, tick the **Keep active OVHcloud users** box.
    - Open the File you downloaded in [Download metadata file](#download-metadata-file). Copy the content and paste it into the **XML-Metadata** field.
6. Close the window by clicking **Confirm**.

> ## Configuration Verification

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Configuration verification
```

> To verify that authentik is correctly integrated with OVH Cloud, first log out of your account. On the OVHcloud login page, enter your [OVH Customer ID/NIC handle](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-account-create-ovhcloud-account?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0043022#what-is-my-nic-handle) followed by `/idp` (e.g. `xx1111-ovh/idp`) without entering a password, and click the Login button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that authentik is properly integrated with OVHcloud, start by logging out of your account. On the OVHcloud login page, enter your [OVH Customer ID/NIC handle](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-account-create-ovhcloud-account?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0043022#what-is-my-nic-handle) followed by `/idp` (e.g., `xx1111-ovh/idp`)—leave the password field blank—and click **Login**.
```

> You will be redirected to your authentik installation for authentication. Once authenticated you will be logged in to OVHcloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ll be redirected to your authentik instance to complete authentication. Once successful, you’ll be logged in to OVHcloud.
```

## References

> - [User management & Federation - OVHcloud help center](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-ie-documentation-manage-operate-user-federation?id=kb_browse_cat&kb_id=3d4a8129a884a950f07829d7d5c75243&kb_category=21734cbe50d47d90476b12dfd60b3542&spa=1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OVHcloud Help Center - User management & Federation](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-ie-documentation-manage-operate-user-federation?id=kb_browse_cat&kb_id=3d4a8129a884a950f07829d7d5c75243&kb_category=21734cbe50d47d90476b12dfd60b3542&spa=1)
```

> - [User management & Federation - OVHcloud US help center](https://support.us.ovhcloud.com/hc/en-us/sections/27230986868883-Federation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OVHcloud US Help Center - User management & Federation](https://support.us.ovhcloud.com/hc/en-us/sections/27230986868883-Federation)
```
